fix(docs): Fixed Typo in language lead handbook (#46980)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/language-lead-handbook.md

![pre-translate existing translations](./images/crowdin/pre-translate3.png)

> When you have finished settings this, press the Pre-Translate button, and wait. It will alert you once it has finished. It will take more or less time depending on how many untranslated strings are present in the files you have choosen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have finished setting this, press the Pre-Translate button and wait. It will alert you once it has finished. The time it takes depends on how many untranslated strings are in the chosen files.
```
Since we're fixing things, this sentence is a little wordier than it needs to be.
